hey guys in this video I want to go over
the supplements that I've taken in the
past supplements that I'm taking now and
just giving you my two cents on what's
actually worth your fence and what's not
worth it
also I want to let you guys know I'm
almost done with my eight-week challenge
it's going to require a gym membership
so keep an eye out for that there will
be a link down below so you can keep
tabs on what it will come out alright so
what I'm going to start with first are
pre workouts now I take in quite a bit
of pre workouts since I've started
working out and there have been a few
that just make me feel like I'm
absolutely gonna die I don't take pre
workouts every single time that I
workout I do feel like it does give you
that extra bit of pump it kind of like
increases your energy level really
quickly and gets you in there and gets
the job done but the one that I
absolutely cannot take and I do kind of
want to warn you about it because I've
never felt this bad when I took a
supplement in my life and that is this
one right here it's the BPI sports 1mr
which I believe is one more rep I took
this for the first time a couple months
ago and remember when it was and I took
a full scoop now when I took the full
scoop it took about a total of six hours
from the time that I took it to the time
that finally wore off it took six hours
now it wasn't just your normal upset
stomach I had cold sweats
I had jitters I literally felt like I
was gonna die I was on the couch it
almost felt like flu-like symptoms so
the next time that I did end up taking
it I only took half a scoop and I felt
the same way just a shorter period of
time so maybe my workouts are not
intention of for these maybe I'm not big
enough for these I don't know I don't
recommend this one I'm sorry I really
wanted to like it and I just I can't the
pre-workout that I do take of taking it
for a while and I absolutely love it is
the mr. Hyde when I went to the store
last time I accidentally picked up mr.
Jekyll I believe it is which is the same
brand only dr. Jekyll mr. Hyde the only
thing that I noticed with this one the
dr. Jekyll one is that it doesn't mix as
well and in my water as
mr. Hyde one but it tastes just as good
I got the lollipop punch this one right
here I take just a half a scoop of this
though I can't take a whole scoop of it
if I take a whole scoop then it's like
crack times a million not that I've ever
done crack but I think that that's how
it felt but so I think half as good this
one does have the beta alanine so it
gives you that tingling itching type
feeling I personally like that and you
pre-workout supplement if you don't then
I don't recommend the e dr. Jekyll or
the mr. Hyde but if you do this one is
amazing another supplement that I took
and I really do like it I do believe
that it's well worth the money is the
creatine HCl this one right here
what creatine does is it pulls the fluid
into the muscle and it creates that like
pumped up feeling when you're working
out now when you pull the fluid into the
muscle and you pump it up you're gonna
tear the fashion more and it's gonna
promote muscle growth so that's kind of
what creatine does now the reason that I
went with creatine HCl as opposed to the
creatine monohydrate is because they
both did the same thing they both pull
fluid into the muscle they both promote
muscle growth and make you stronger and
like Incredible Hulk over here but the
creatine monohydrate also pulls fluid
and retains it underneath the skin as
well so that's gonna give you more of
like a puppy or smooth kind of look you
know not really like shredded pumped-up
look like the HCL one another thing with
the monohydrate is that you have to
cycle on and off of it so you can take
it for however many weeks that they
recommend but then you have to get off
of it and then get
with the HDL you don't have to do that
and that's why I chose creatine HCl now
this one is from caged muscle and it is
the lemon-lime flavor it tastes really
good and it mixes well in the water it's
not like chunky or has like any pieces
that don't dissolve well in the water
and when I took it I didn't feel any
kind of bloating this I did notice that
my muscles and my arms seem to be a
little bit more noticeable which is kind
of what I was going for because I feel
like my muscles and my arms just were
kind of like my weak point so that was a
plus now I haven't taken this for about
a month and a half now just because I
haven't been as serious in the gym I've
kind of been like on and off and once I
start getting back into it again I am
gonna start taking this and really see
what it can do so I'll keep you guys
updated on this one another one that I
got I with the creatine HCl was the L
carnitine this one honestly it's
supposed to promote you know fat loss
and increase your energy levels I did
notice that my energy was increased a
bit but I don't really know if it was
solely because of this I didn't notice
that it made me lose any more weight
than I would have lost just by being in
a deficit alone once I start going back
to the gym regularly at least two to
three months I'll take these as well and
give you guys a full review and my
opinion on them in my experience so
right now I feel like I really can't
give you a full review on this one but I
will hopefully in the next two three
months comments that I've taken in the
past I'm sure you guys have seen it on
my videos before and that is the PE
science high volume and the PE science
alpha mean right here the P sign it's
high volume kind of does the same thing
as the creatine HCl only I feel like the
creatine HCl was much more potent than
the high volume the high volume does
give you like a real good pump during
your workouts but I prefer the creatine
HCl so I'm not going to be using this
one anymore
but if you did want um something that's
not as potent I guess is the creatine
HCl then this one is a good option and I
the blue frost one is a really good
flavor I thought it was and the Alpha
mean this one is kind of like a caffeine
pill only in powder form really I didn't
like it because it kind of made my
stomach feel a little bit upset so I'm
not going to take that one anymore I
don't recommend that one I just don't
see the point of it so those are the
supplements that I take I do not take a
protein supplement I don't really see
the benefit of it I would rather spend
my money on you know protein sources
from food like chicken and meat and
things like that as opposed to drinking
some powdered drink now the only reason
that I would like a protein supplement
is if I wanted to make protein pancakes
or something like that but I haven't
made those in a while so I really don't
buy protein powder alright guys so those
are the supplements that I take really
and truly it is the creatine HCl the
pre-workout that I do not take for every
single workout and my multivitamin and
fish oil those are the only ones that I
feel like are actually worth the money
but I also want to stress you guys I
cannot stress this enough is that you do
not need supplements to reach your goals
you absolutely do not need creatine HCl
if you're just your average person
looking to get back into the gym to
workout to lose weight you don't need
supplements when I got from this point
to this point girl
hey hey hey when I got from this point
to this point I did not take any
supplements religiously I was taking
your protein supplement just because I
kind of fell into it and believe that
you actually needed it you don't but if
you do want that extra push in the gym
for a pre-workout supplement take the
pre-workout supplement or the creatine
HCl I do really like that one but again
you don't need supplements to reach your
goals alright guys thank you guys so
much for watching I really hope you guys
liked it don't forget to Like and
subscribe if you guys like what you see
and share it with your friends if you
think it'll help them
[Music]